So listen, we're going to look at service control policies, CEP's, CEP's, a really great tool to
limit the available permissions in the accounts that we have in our organization.
So let's have a look at a bit of detail about what that means.
So we have an organization in that organization.
We've created a management account and the management account is at the top of the structure.
So there is a hierarchy that we can form and the management account is always at the root of that hierarchy
now attached to the root.
Here we have a service control policy and that service control policy has a statement which gives the
effects of allow action star resource star.
So using wild cards there, it's allowing everything, every API action on every resource.
The CEP's control the maximum available permissions.
So in this case, the available permissions are all permissions because everything is being allowed
now.
You still need to have AYAM permissions to actually do something.
So think of these as two different things.
The ayam permission is what is giving you the permissions, the privileges to be able to perform an
action and then the SEP controls whether you're allowed to in that particular account.
Now users in the management account itself are not restricted by CEP's.
So even if you have Dinni rules, they won't be denied.
You can apply them to manage the management accounts itself.
And this is one reason why there are best practice configurations where you don't create all your users
in the management account.
Now we are creating users in our management account in this particular course, but the reason is otherwise
we need a separate identity account as well as our production and development accounts.
So it does get a bit complicated.
We will create our own users in the management account.
But just bear in mind that the best practice would be that you create them in a different account so
that you can apply CEP's to those users.
Now there's also something called a tax policy so you can apply a tax policy to an organizational unit
as well as an SEPI.
So this is a no.
You the organizational unit forms as part of the hierarchy.
You have the route and then you create your own use underneath it and you put your accounts in those
organizational units and then you apply your tax policies and your service control policies.
And there's a couple of other types as well.
We'll see that in the console shortly type policies or about standardizing, forcing standardization
of tasks that you apply to your resources.
So let's say we create some more organizational units here.
We've got one with our development accounts in it, and then we've got another organizational unit and
that has our production account.
So you can see we have a hierarchy, we have the routes and o you and then another underneath it.
And at this level we have to use.
Now, we can then apply service control policies to those organizational units now in this case, what
happens is we have a Dinni rule, so there's a Dinni for the easy to run instances.
And what it's doing is it's saying you're not allowed to run easy to instances unless the T micro type
is being used.
So there's a condition where the condition says that the string does not equal to micro so that Dinni
takes effect as if the string here is not too micro and that string is the easy to instance type.
So when you perform an API action, in this case, the run instances action, you've got to tell it
what type of instance you want to run.
And if you specify T to micro, then the string does equal to micro and therefore the Dinni policy won't
take effect.
So this means that in the development account, users can only launch two micro instances.
Now, what about the production account, the production account doesn't have an ACP applying to it,
and we know that this particular policy here is actually attached at all levels.
So by default, this policy is attached.
It flows down through the hierarchy into these different organizational units.
And so this is an explicit allow.
But actually the explicit deny will always take precedence.
So producers can only launch two micro instances.
They're basically getting the same permissions as a development account, and that is because the explicit
deny will always override and allow and you must be allowed at all levels.
But a deny will override an explicit allow.
So deny any level above in the hierarchy is going to mean a deny here in the hierarchy.
So that's how I CEP's work.
The inheritance thing can get a little bit complicated, but we're going to look at that in some more
detail and we're going to also do some hands on exercises to see CEP's in action.
So I hope that is useful.
I'll see you in the next lesson.